PB-558: Overriding Page Builder styles using Modules and HTML Code (#18)
magento/magento2-page-builder-docs: docs/styling/override-pagebuilder-styles-modules.md

```

![CSS selector override pattern](../images/pagebuilder-style-override-pattern-class.svg)

Using this selector pattern makes your module styles easy to override from a theme. In fact, you can use the exact same selectors in your themes because Magento adds theme styles _after_ module styles in the `styles.css` output. Cascading stylesheet rules do the rest. Browsers will apply the _last_ same-specificity CSS selectors (from your theme styles) to your module's content.

## Steps for overriding Admin and frontend styles

The steps for overriding Page Builder styles in the Admin and on the storefront are the same, as are the directory structures for both extension and custom content type modules. The following diagram shows these numbered steps shared between the `areas` and module types.

![Admin styles in modules](../images/pagebuilder-admin-frontend-module-files.svg)

The steps for overriding styles in your modules are similar to those introduced for [overriding Admin themes](override-pagebuilder-styles-themes.md). They are numbered in the image and described as follows:

### Step 1: Create `adminhtml` and `frontend` directories

> In modules, the only difference between overriding Page Builder Admin styles and storefront styles is in where you add your `.less` files. Adding your `.less` files to the `adminhtml` directory overrides Page Builder's Admin styles. Adding them to the `frontend` directory overrides Page Builder's storefront styles. All the other guidelines for each `area` are the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In modules, the only difference between overriding Page Builder Admin styles and storefront styles is the location of your `.less` files. Adding your `.less` files to the `adminhtml` directory overrides Page Builder's Admin styles. Adding them to the `frontend` directory overrides Page Builder's storefront styles. All the other guidelines for each `area` are the same.
```

### Step 3: Add `.less` files and styles.

We also recommend naming your `.less` files to match the content-type appearances you are overriding. Our example modules each have only one appearance called `default`. So we added a `_default.less` file to each. However, if we were extending Page Builder's `Row`, we might have three `.less` files named after each `Row` appearance. This naming convention helps you find your overriding styles if you extend or create content types with multiple appearances.

Here's an example style that uses the CSS selector pattern to override Page Builder's `h1` heading tags:

```scss
// CSS specificity = 111
#html-body h1[data-content-type="heading"] {
    font-size: 40px;
    line-height: 61px;
    font-weight: 700;
    margin-bottom: 0;
}
```

To ensure this style overrides the `h1` element of the `Heading` content type within the Admin and on the storefront, you would add it to the `_default.less` files in both the `adminhtml` and `frontend` areas of your module.

### Step 4: Add `_import.less` files

> As another organizing practice, we recommend adding `_import.less` files to each content type directory. These files should only contain `@import` statements for all other `.less` files in the directory. When there's only one `.less` file in the directory (as with our example), this practice feels like overkill. But it's a good habit to create as your module's become more complex. Using import files like this helps keep your changes closer to where they occur. In these module examples, the `_import.less` files contain only one import:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As another organizing practice, we recommend adding `_import.less` files to each content type directory. These files should only contain `@import` statements for all other `.less` files in the directory. When there's only one `.less` file in the directory (as with our example), this practice feels like overkill. But it's a good habit to create as your modules become more complex. Using import files like this helps keep your changes closer to where they occur. In these module examples, the `_import.less` files contain only one import:
```

```scss
@import '_default.less';
```

### Step 5: Add a `_module.less` file

> The `_module.less` file is the only **required** file and must be added directly to the `adminhtml/web/css/source` directory. Magento uses this file to add your content type's admin styles to the `pub/static/adminhtml` output, where they can override the default content-type styles. Like the `_import.less` files, it's a best practice for your `_module.less` file to contain only `@import` statements. Technically, you could put all your CSS directly in `_module.less`, but that could quickly become a mess. Using best practices, our `_module.less` files in these examples would look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `_module.less` file is the only **required** file and must be added directly to the `adminhtml/web/css/source` directory. Magento uses this file to add your content type's Admin styles to the `pub/static/adminhtml` output, where they can override the default content-type styles. Like the `_import.less` files, it's a best practice for your `_module.less` file to contain only `@import` statements. Technically, you could put all your CSS directly in `_module.less`, but that could quickly become a mess. Using best practices, our `_module.less` files in these examples would look like this:
```

Capitalize?
